qm: introduction to qm dropin sub-packages(s) (#585)
containers/qm: docs/devel/README.md

**4.** Build the RPM

```bash

> make clean && VERSION=1.0 make rpm

Reviewer: Actually, looking at the makefile target, `rpm` depends on `clean`. Why did you decide to add the `rm -rf` before? It should've been cleaned either way before `rpmbuild`.

Author: it was not cleaning the old file. I think it's save to keep it in the docs.

Error: creating runtime static files directory "/usr/share/containers/storage/libpod":
mkdir /usr/share/containers/storage: read-only file system
```

## QM Drop-in sub-packages

QM developers are always looking for ways to help new users and engineers onboard more easily. With this in mind, they decided to break complex configurations into drop-in sub-package(s) when possible for adjusting the Podman engine configurations specifically within the QM environment. Why? This approach provides an easy way to extend or override settings without modifying the core (original) configuration files.

### Creating your own drop-in QM sub-package

We recommend using the existing drop-in files as a guide and adapting them to your specific needs. However, here are the step-by-step instructions:

1) Create a drop-in file in the directory: `etc/qm/containers/containers.conf.d`
2) Add it as a sub-package to `rpm/qm.spec`

> 3) Test it by running: `rm -rf rpmbuild/ && VERSION=YOURVERSIONHERE make rpm`

Reviewer: Same as above:
```suggestion
3) Test it by running: `make clean && VERSION=YOURVERSIONHERE make rpm`
```
